(TXT FILE):



 1)WAP to create a text file of story.txt with one line at a time. Display the file.
 2)Write a menu driven program to create a file using writelines() and display the text file using readline() depending on the choice of user.
 3)Write a function to count and display number of words which starts with alphabet a in an existing text file 'story.txt'.
 4)WAF to display the number of lines in the file ‘story.txt’.
 5)WAF to display the number of characters of file ‘first.txt’ without counting EOL characters.
 6)WAF to count and display number of words in each line of text file "first.txt".
 7)WAF to read a text file and display the count of vowels and consonants in the file ‘poem.txt’.
 8)WAF to display the size of a file after removing EOL characters, leading and trailing spaces and blank lines.
 9)WAF to reverse and display each line of text from a already created text file ‘poem.txt’.
 10)WAF to find and display the occurrence of the word ‘we’ in text file ‘poem.txt’.
 11)WAF to read the text from file ‘poem.txt’ and replace the occurrence of ‘that’ with ‘this’ and store the entire file content after replacement
    in file ‘ufile.txt’.
 12)WAF to count and display the words ending with ‘e’ in a text file ‘poem.txt’.



(BINARY DAT FILE):

1)WAF to create a binary file 'student.dat' storing the student details as rollno, name and the marks depending on the choice of the user.

2)[PRAC] Write a menu driven program to do the following functions:-
   (a)To create a binary file 'student.dat' containing fields as rno, name, marks and grade in a list.
   (b)Display the details of all those studends who have got grade A.

3)[PRAC] Write a menu driven program to do the following:-
   (a)To create a binary file 'product.dat' in the following format : {‘name’ : ‘file’, ‘price’ : 112}, {‘name’ : ‘pen’, ‘price’ : 30}, etc.
   (b)To display the above file
   (c)Transfer all the records from binary file ‘product.dat’ to ‘new.dat’ whose price is less than 100.

4)[PRAC] Write a menu driven program to do the following:-
   (a)To create a binary file 'student.dat' containing fields as rno,name, marks and grade in a list.
   (b)Function to update a record for a given roll number without using another file.
   (b)Display the file after and before updation

5)[PRAC] Write a menu driven program to do the following:-
   (a)To create a binary file 'student.dat' containing fields as rno,name, marks and grade in a list.
   (b)Function to delete a record for a given roll number.
   (b)Display the file after and before updation

6)[PRAC] Write a menu driven program to do the following:-
   (a)To create a binary file 'item.dat' containing fields as item_id,item_name, price, quantity in the following format : [[121,pen,20,5],[21,pencil,10,10],.....]
   (b)To display the above file
   (c)Add more item details in the existing file.
   (d)Display the details of an item for a given item_id.


(CSV file ):








